Open Web Application Security Project

Zed Attack Proxy

Penetration Testing - Both Active and Passive

What it does?
	Active and Passive Brute Force Scanning
	Report Generation
	Spider Crawling : Active and Hidden Links
	easily Extensible and integrable
	Port Scanning
	Additional Features : 
			Session Comparison
			Parameter Analysis
			Fuzzer : Perform analysis with random input and common known random attack techniques
					 Cyber shaolin gave an example of doctor testing your illness against known allergies like pollen, insects, dairy products, dust etc.
					 Here they are performing fuzzy analysis of your illness.
	

XSS : When input sanitizing/validation is not done properly this attack can be planted.
	Reflected/Non Persistent XSS : find a vulnerability on a site and send a link to target with crafted link like below.
								   http://targetsite.com?productid=<script>This+is+a+deadly+code</script>
								   Your target unknowingly will click on it and your script will run on his browser bringing havoc to him.
								   
	Persistent XSS : Some websites store the information that user has submitted even without sanitizing it.
					 We can add some malicious script crafted to hack whoever load the site in the input fields. The data will be stored by the site in its database.
					 Now all users who generally think its a trusted site and often visits it, will be in soup cause as soon as they load site, your 
					 malicious code will rain a havoc.
					 
CSFR : It uses already logged in users preveliges to craft an attack.
	   Cyber Shaolin gave example of a bad kid wanna enter into party by taking a good kids ticket.
	   
	   
	   
	   
Encryption Mechanisms : 
	Basic : 
			Caesar Cipher : USe shifting technique. Very naive. Even kids don't use this
			Vernam Cipher : USe Caesar in combination with one time padding.
							Its a reversible operation and provided key its very easy to break.
	Advanced :
			oAuth1
			oAuth2
			AWS Authentication
			Digest Authentication
			DES/Triple DES
			
			
			
Stegnography :
									
	